# Zendesk-Challenge
This project exists as a solution to a coding challenge given to applicants to Zendesk for a QA position. It is meant to show ability in creating a test suite to visit the web page https://redux-form.com/6.6.1/examples/wizard/, test various aspects of it, and report a pass/fail result.

The solution is written in Java and makes use of Selenium WebDriver to run the test cases. This was my first time using Selenium, so it may be a little rough, but I believe it gets the job done. The solution is made up of only one Main class and requires the jar files also found in this repository to be in the build path of the project (taken directly from Selenium's website). The project also assumes that the correct chromedriver.exe is directly in the C:\ directory. As the correct driver can vary based on the version of Chrome being used, I have chosen not to provide that in the repository. The path to the driver can be modified easily on line 24 of the Main.java file.

When the project is run, the test suite will run the tests automatically. It will first verify that the correct page has been found, then run various tests on the web form. It will test, in order, the name fields, the email field, the sex radio buttons, the favorite color drop-down, the employment check box, the notes box, and that the values in the end match what is expected. If all tests pass, a message will display saying so. If one or more tests fail, it will not terminate the project, it will continue and make a note at the end that there was at least one failure.
